#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
CS452 Project Proposal
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Christophe Biocca (20322763) and Ronuk Raval (20345750)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Overview
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Trains are taxis, with fares regularly appearing along the track at random
 locations, with a random destination (the user can also create fares on
 demand).
 The train that can get to the fare the fastest does so, stops at the pickup
 location, and travels to and stops at the destination.
 This is happening for multiple trains at once, ideally with support for
 user specified fares.
 Fares are also only valid for a limited time, so trains have to decide
 whether to try and pick up the fare or not.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Technical Challenges
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Multiple trains run on the track at once, some with specific destinations,
 the others loitering in an area, waiting for a fare.
 The trains that are transporting fares must be able to displace other trains
 that are in its way.
 This is difficult because it involves adding a notion of priority to the
 reservation system, and because trains may be required by the reservation
 system to leave the section of track they are on.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Taxi dispatch has to take into account the time taken for each train to
 get to a location on the track, as well as the deadlines specified by the
 fares.
 This requires knowing about the position of all trains on the track, as
 well as all possible reroutings that could take them to a target point
 and the ETA for each.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Technical Solutions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
We can represent the reservation system as a series of track reservations
 with valid time intervals.
 Trains can say they will need a track during a specific period in time,
 with the implicit promise that they'll leave the section by the time that
 reservation expires.
 This way, loitering trains reserve the track on a just-in-time basis, while
 transporting trains can go ahead and reserve their entire path immediately
 (using the correct time intervals for each section).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Building on top of the previous system, if a reservation system knows which
 tracks will be available and at which time, it becomes simple enough to
 modify the pathing algorithm to take these into account when calculating
 the ETA's for all available trains to get to a specific location.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
