#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{lastpage}
\usepackage[ddmmyyyy]{datetime}

\fancyhf{} % clear existing head/footers
\fancyhead[L]{PHIL110B}
\fancyhead[C]{Argument Outline}
\fancyhead[R]{\#20387090}

\fancyfoot[L]{\fontsize{8}{8} \today: \currenttime}
\fancyfoot[R]{\fontsize{8}{8} \thepage\ / \pageref{LastPage}}

\makeatletter
\let\ps@plain\ps@fancy   % Plain page style = fancy page style
\makeatother
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
PHIL 110B Argument Outline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
#20387090
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
June 10, 2015
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We look upon the question 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

is it in our self-interest to be good?
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 The tentative thesis is that it is in our self-interest to be good.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part*
Reasons for the thesis
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
From an Intelligent Agent Perspective
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We'll first look from an artificial intelligence perspective.
 That is, we will look at why for an AI with rational emotions it would
 be beneficial to be good and therefore in our self-interest.
 An interesting book draw discussions from is An Introduction to MultiAgent
 Systems 2nd ed.
 by Michael Wooldridge
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
An Introduction to MultiAgent Systems 2nd ed.
 by Michael Wooldridge Published May 2009 http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/people/michael.woold
ridge/pubs/imas/IMAS2e.html
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 This textbook was used for studies on how intelligent agents should make
 rational decisions, and how they should work together.
 This book discusses on multiagent systems, and contains strong arguments
 on why agents are self-interested to be good.
 There are many parallelisms to humans, which can be explored.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Firstly, let us define some terms.
 
\emph on
Multiagent systems
\emph default
 which are systems composed of multiple interacting computer elements, known
 as agents.
 
\emph on
Agents
\emph default
 are, to some extent, capable of autonomous action – of deciding for themselves
 what they need to do in order to satisfy their design objectives.
 Furthermore, 
\emph on
rational agents
\emph default
 are programmed have rational behaviour which looks at the more of the economics
 of cooperation.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ultimately we would demonstrate that it is in a rational agent's self-interest
 to be good because they benefit more from cooperation with other intelligent
 agents.
 And we demonstrate this through analysis of the economics, through utilities
 and preferences of an agent, and through dominate strategies and Nash equilibri
as, and how these support the conclusion it is in our self-interest to be
 good.
 And if humans can behave rationally, it follows that it is also in the
 human self-interest to be good.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Archiving Same Goals Through Just vs.
 Unjust Means 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the reading 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

The Ring of Gyges
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 by Plato
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
“The Ring of Gyges” by Plato - Philosophy Lander.edu http://philosophy.lander.edu/i
ntro/articles/gyges-a.pdf Accessed June 2, 2015.
\end_layout

\end_inset

, it explores a sly, unjust man versus a righteous and just man.
 Both of whom theoretically can archieve the same goals but through different
 methods.
 It'll be interesting to discuss how a man of the uttermost injustice can
 live a life as good as a just man archieving the same goals through just
 acts.
 Intuition tells us that archiving the same end results through deceitful
 and unjust means is certainly worse than archiving it through righteous
 and just means.
 And indeed, we should explore why this intuition is correct.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A major assumption here is that the unjust man is capable of maintaining
 his composure at all times, he does not fall out of character.
 It seems that this assumption is quite difficult to accomplish for the
 average layman.
 Sure, there are those of us that are deceptive enough to carry this out,
 but for the average person, it is much easier to maintain the composure
 of being just and righteous.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A lot of the arguments explored here are suppositions, and not as solid
 in logic analysis as from the intelligent agent perspective.
 But nevertheless, the fundamental argument in this section is to show that
 it's much easier to maintain a righteous and just composure than a deceitful
 and unjust one, as in most people find it difficult to maintain a deceitful
 composure.
 Consequently, if we act just, then it is in our interest to behave cooperativel
y, and we do that by having a self-interest to be good.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Future Benefits of Being Good
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Being good often offers rewards in the future
\emph default
 when others have good opinions of you and gain trust.
 You get a wider choice of options to choose from than being greedy.
 We'll look at this from the perspective of ethical egoism
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Chapter 8 Ethical Egoism p.
 106 The Fundamentals of Ethics by Russ Shafer-Landau
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 The argument is that we should do whatever that improves our own well-being.
 Being good usually offers more rewards for the collective group than being
 greedy.
 Examples include Prisoner's Dillema, payoff matricies, and cooperative
 theories.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since being good opens the opportunity and generates more rewards in the
 long run, it is worth being good as a principle for investment.
 We conclude that it is in our self-interest to be good.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Behaving Irrationally is a Bad Strategy
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lastly, in the Collective Action Problem reading
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
p.
 366 Constellations Volume 7, Number 3, 2000 Ideology and Irrationality.
 http://homes.chass.utoronto.ca/~jheath/ideology.pdf Accessed June 3, 2015
\end_layout

\end_inset

, people seem to behave irrationally because it seems like the best action,
 at a cost to others.
 This problem reduces to the prisoner's dilemma problem, which we analyse
 from the intelligent agent perspective.
 This reading suggests that we are lazy individuals who don't want to be
 the one putting in the effort to be good, unless everyone is doing good.
 And if everyone is doing good, then certainly it is going be in our self-intere
st to sit back and reap the fruits of other's labour.
 So this seems to be a catch-22 problem.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We argue that while you can reap the reward, it is only temporarily so.
 Assuming that people are of generally the same intelligence, which is quite
 reasonable, then it's reasonable to assume others learn eventually of your
 tactics, and the whole system collapses.
 There won't be any fruits of labour to reap.
 Everyone doing good is an unstable equilibrium.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thus it is in our self-interest to be good and help maintain a good, stable
 equilibrium and cooperate so that the collective benefit is greater than
 indivdual greedy-action benefits.
 Which essentially the Nash equilibrium conclusion.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
