{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Proper Use of Sources in Philosophy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 (adapted from Jim Jordan's adaptation from Mathieu Doucet, University of Waterloo, 2013)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Importance\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Philosophy, maybe more than any other discipline, is in constant dialogue with itself and its past. The enduring and interesting philosophical questions\'97the nature of right and wrong, the problem of free will, whether can ever have knowledge, the existence of God, the connection between mind and body, the nature of truth\'97 have attracted the interest and attention of hundreds of very, very smart people over the course of several thousand years, and coming up with answers to these questions involves (among other things) understanding what others have had to say about them. Professional philosophers work, and advance knowledge, by considering, critiquing, and commenting on the arguments and perspectives of other philosophers, and even the most new and radical philosophical views will have been developed in response to the perceived failure of previous views.\
Most good philosophy, then, refers to other good works of philosophy. Doing so properly is an extremely important part of doing good philosophy, whether in a first-year essay or in professional books and journals.\
This means that most essay topics in a philosophy class (and all of them in this class) will require you to engage with one or more philosophical texts in order to identify and explain the relevant concepts and to critically and charitably analyze competing sides to an argument. Good use of primary sources is an essential part of carrying out these tasks, and so of writing good philosophy essays. An essential part of the good use of primary sources is proper citation practices. This is as important for professional philosophers writing for other philosophers as it is for students writing for their professors, and in both cases the reasons are the same: the reader should be able to track down the texts referred to in the essay in order to learn more, to assess whether the essay is correctly representing the texts, and to place the argument made in the essay in the proper context. In order for the reader to do so, the writer needs to follow a clear and consistent citation style.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 A simple citation system\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The following formatting style is adapted from the Modern Languages Association (
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 mla
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ) guidelines for formatting research papers. For more on 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 mla
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  formatting, including information in citing a variety of sources not covered below, you can consult{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://library.concordia.ca/help/howto/mla.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 http://library.concordia.ca/help/howto/mla.php}}.\
When using mla formatting, sources are documented in two different ways.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\fs26 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 First,\'a0
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 each time you refer to a source, you provide a brief reference within the body of the paper, using an 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 in-text citation
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 .
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Second,
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  at the end of the paper, you provide a 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 works cited 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 list, giving more extensive publication details for each of the sources used in the body of the paper.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 In-Text Citations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Each time you refer to the source, either by quoting directly from the source or by paraphrasing, you must provide an in-text citation to allow your reader to check the source. This allows the reader to discover new and interesting texts, to ensure that the source does in fact say what is being claimed, and most importantly (for the purposes of this class, at leas) to check the context of the quote to ensure that the argument in the source is being properly represented.\
In-text citations gives the minimum information required for the reader to identify the source and locate the particular passage being cited within that source. Typically, this will be the author's last name and a page number. This will allow the reader to 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 a) 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 find the detailed information for the cited text in the 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 works cited 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 page, and 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 b) 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 find the passage being cited in the original text.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Direct quotations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Direct quotations reproduce the exact words of the author being cited. Direct quotations most be enclosed in quotation marks, and followed by an in-text citation at the end of the sentence. For example:\
According to utilitarianism, \'93actions are right in proportion that they tend to promote happiness; wrong as they tend to produce the happiness\'94 (Mill 7).\
Utilitarianism aims at \'93the greatest amount of happiness altogether\'94, rather than the happiness of the individual (Mill 11).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Paraphrases\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Paraphrases are explanations 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 in your own words 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 of a point made in the text. Paraphrases are not enclosed in quotation marks, but are followed by an in-text citation at the end of the sentence. It is important that paraphrases do not simply change a word or two from the original quotation;they must be in your own words. For example, here are two ways of paraphrasing the following passage, one correct and one incorrect:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Original:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
The utilitarian \'93standard is not the agent\'92s own greatest happiness, but the greatest amount of happiness altogether\'94 (Mill 11).\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Correct:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Utilitarianism is the view that an action is right if it leads to the maximization of overall happiness, so it is different from egoism, which is the view that an action is right if it leads to maximization of happiness for the individual actor (Mill 11).\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Incorrect:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
The utilitarian standard is not the agent\'92s own happiness, but the greatest amount of overall happiness (Mill 11).\
(This version is too close to Mill\'92s original\'97the structure is exactly the same, and it simply changes a few words.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 When to include the author's name\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 In the above examples, the author\'92s name is included in the citation, since his name is not mentioned in sentence containing the reference. If the author\'92s name is included in the sentence, it does not need to be included in the in-text citation. For example:\
Gauthier\'92s provisional conclusion is that \'93the individual who needs a reason for being moral which is not itself a moral reason cannot have it\'94 (470).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Works with standardized marginal page numbers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Many classic works from the history of philosophy have been published in hundreds of different editions in dozens of languages over the course of many decades. In order to allow readers with different editions to make use of the references, these works often have standardized page numbers that appear in the margins of the text. These are references to the page numbers in a much older standard edition of the text. In this class, for example, Plato\'92s 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Republic
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  and Kant\'92s 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Grounding for the Metaphysics of Morals
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  both have standardized page numbers.\
When quoting from an edition with standardized marginal page numbers, always refer to these numbers, and not to the page numbers at the bottom of the page. For example:\
Socrates suggests that crime is \'93a direct result of lack of education, bad upbringing, and a bad political system\'94 (Plato 552e).\
Kant\'92s shopkeeper\'92s seemingly just actions are not morally worthy, since he is motivated by a selfish concern for profits (397).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Two or more works by a single author\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 If the paper contains references to two or more works by a single author, the works cited list will have more than one entry under that author\'92s name. The text of the paper must therefore include enough information to direct the reader to the proper entry. This is done by including the title of the work(abbreviated if the title is long). For example:\
Mill argues that even the most benevolent despotism would necessarily result in a population of \'93mentally passive people\'94 (Representative Government 1).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Indirect sources\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 You should always use original (sometimes called 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 primary
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ) sources when possible. Sometimes, however, your only access to a source is a quotation in a source you have read. In these cases, an indirect citation is required. To do so, your parenthetical citation should being with the abbreviated 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 qtd. in 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 (short for \'93quoted in\'94). For example:\
Ogden Nash asks rhetorically why duty \'93hast not the visage of a sweetie or a cutie\'94 (qtd. in Gauthier 460).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Electronic sources\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Electronic sources with page numbers should be cited in the same way as any other source\'97with the author\'92s name and page number. Not all electronic sources, however, have page numbers. Some have numbered paragraphs or sections\'97in these cases, indicate this by 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 par.
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  (for \'93paragraph\'94) or by 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 sec.
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  (for \'93section\'94). For example:\
The emotions have been considered as both \'93a dangerous threat to morality and rationality\'94 and as \'93at the center of both human individuality and the moral life\'94 (de Sousa sec. 10).\
For those sources that do not have page, section, or paragraph numbers, simply provide the author\'92s name in parentheses.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lectures, lecture notes, and on-line course modules\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lectures and course material are legitimate sources of material for philosophy papers, though they are usually secondary sources, not primary ones. If these materials make reference to a primary source, you should seek that out and check that the interpretation offered in the course material is supported by the original work.\
Lecture notes, course modules, and any corresponding slides are cited similarly to other electronic sources. Identify the person who prepared the material, the course, and the lecture or module (
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 lec.
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  or 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 mod.
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ), and the slide or page number. For example:\
The central claim of cognitive science is \'93thinking is like computation.\'94 (Shelley, mod. 1a2).\
Course lectures are not usually captured in print or electronic form. Even though they often have no permanent record, the information in the lecture cannot be taken as common knowledge, so if you are using it in your paper, it must be acknowledged. Give the name of the instructor and the date the lecture was delivered. For example:\
\'93Despite what some people think Christensen is saying, we do not have a positive right to sexual satisfaction. No one is obliged to provide it.\'94 (Jordan, 28 June 2012).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Works Cited page\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The works cited page gives the full bibliographic information for the works cited in the body of the essay. This allows your reader to easily find the passage to which the in in-text citation refers.\
The works cited page always includes the author\'92s name, the title of the work, and the year of publication. Depending on the kind of work being cited, it may also include the names of editors and translators (when appropriate), the place of publication and publisher (for books), and the url (for online sources).\
The works cited pages lists entries in alphabetical order by author\'92s last name. For an example that includes all of the works cited in this document, see below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Books\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Books follow this general format:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Author name. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Book title
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Place of publication: publishing company, year.\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Single authored books:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Mill, J.S. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Utilitarianism. Indianapolis: Hackett, 2001.
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Translated books:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Kant, Immanuel. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Grounding for the Metaphysics of Morals
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Trans. James Ellington. Indianapolis: Hackett, 1993.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Shorter texts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Articles published in academic journals:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Author name. \'93Article title.\'94 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Journal Name
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Volume number (year): pages.\
For example:\
Gauthier, David. \'93Morality and Advantage.\'94 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The Philosophical Review
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . 76 (1967): 460\uc0\u8208 475.\

\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Works collected in an anthology:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Author name. \'93Title of work.\'94 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Anthology title
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Editor. Place of publication: Publishing company,\'a0
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 year. Pages.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
For example:\
Feinberg, Joel. \'93Psychological Egoism.\'94 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Ethical Theory: An Anthology
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Russ Shafer\uc0\u8208  Landau.\'a0
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Oxford: Blackwell, 2007. 183\uc0\u8208 195.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
If your course has a collection of readings bound into a single volume, this is the citation format to\'a0
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 use. Each article must be cited separately.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lectures\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Give the name of the instructor, the course, the institution, and the date the lecture was presented. Identify the presentation as a lecture.\
Lecturer. Course number and name. Institution. Date. Lecture.\
For example:\
Jordan, W.J. PHIL 220: Moral Issues. University of Waterloo, Waterloo, ON. 28 June 2012. Lecture.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Lecture notes and modules\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Identify the lecturer, the course, the institution, and the term or session in which the material was used.\
Lecturer. Course number and name. Institution: term and year.\
For example:\
Shelley, Cameron. PHIL/PSYCH 256: Introduction to Cognitive Science. University of Waterloo: Spring 2013.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Electronic sources\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 References to electronic sources should contain all of the information included in references to print sources\'97author name, title, date, editor (when appropriate) and so on\'97but they should also contain two additional pieces of information. First, the date the source was accessed; second, the url for the source.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 E-books:
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Author name. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Title
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Website/hosting institution. Date of publication. Date accessed. <\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 http://
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 www.URL.ca\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 >
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
For example:\
Mill, J.S. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Representative Government
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . eBooks@Adelaide. 2009. Accessed July 27th, 2011. <http://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/m/mill/john_stuart/m645r/>\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Pages from an online encyclopedia:
\i0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Author name. \'93Title of page or article.\'94 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Website title
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Date of publication. Date accessed. <http://www.URL.com>\
For example:\
de Sousa, Ronald. \'93Emotion.\'94 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . 2010. Accessed July 27th,\'a0
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2011. <http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/emotion/>
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
Note: An electronic source is one 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 originally published online. 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Many of the readings for some classes may be accessed online (for example, several journal articles and selections from other anthologies), but most published in print in the exact form in which they are available online. References to these should be to their original print versions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Works Cited Example\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Works Cited
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
de Sousa, Ronald. \'93Emotion.\'94
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . 2010. Accessed July 27th, 2011. <http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/emotion/>\
Feinberg, Joel. \'93Psychological Egoism.\'94 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Ethical Theory: An Anthology
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Russ Shafer\uc0\u8208 Landau. Oxford: Blackwell, 2007. 183\u8208 195.\
Gauthier, David. \'93Morality and Advantage.\'94 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The Philosophical Review
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . 76 (1967): 460\uc0\u8208 475.\
Jordan, W. J. PHIL 220: Moral Issues. University of Waterloo, Waterloo, ON. 28 June 2012. Lecture.\
Kant, Immanuel. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Grounding for the Metaphysics of Morals
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Trans. James Ellington. Indianapolis: Hackett, 993.\
Mill, J.S. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Representative Government
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . eBooks@Adelaide. 2009. Accessed July 27th, 2011. <http://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/m/mill/john_stuart/m645r/>\
Mill, J.S. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Utilitarianism
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Indianapolis: Hackett, 2001.\
Plato. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Republic
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . Trans. Robin Waterfield. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1993.\
Shelley, Cameron. PHIL/PSYCH 256: Introduction to Cognitive Science. University of Waterloo: Spring 2013.\
}